The Great Docs Re-Org of 2019 (#354)
kubos/kubos: docs/mission-dev/mission-needs.rst

Typical Required Mission Applications
=====================================

Every mission is unique, but with this doc, we've attempted to highlight what applications your mission will most likely need.

Telemetry Collection
--------------------

Since all :ref:`services are passive <service-docs>`, it falls to an application to collect and store telemetry in the telemetry database service.
Generally, this should poll all hardware services on a regular basis and pull all available telemetry.
A one minute polling cycle is generally sufficient for most telemetry items.

> .. TODO: merge the example app and update to say this: "Kubos provides an `example of this application, <#####>`__ and augmenting it for your mission should be simple given that all hardware services follow the service outline."

Reviewer: We can't until it's in the master branch, which is after this is merged. It'll have to be pulled off into another PR otherwise.

> .. TODO: merge the example app and update to say this: "Kubos provides an `example of this application, <#####>`__ and augmenting it for your mission should be simple given that all hardware services follow the service outline."

Reviewer 2: :+1:

Housekeeping
------------

For each critical piece of the avionics hardware or critical mission aspect, there should be an accompanying housekeeping mission application.
It is essential to separate these out as much as possible to reduce the complexity of a given application,
and to reduce possibility of global failure due to an edge case in a single app.
Some typical housekeeping applications you will most likely include are:

- OBC
- ADCS/GPS
- Power

These are by no means the *only* housekeeping applications that should be included, but would take care of most of the housekeeping for a given mission.

OBC
~~~

The OBC housekeeping application should ensure the OBC itself and the critical processes are running smoothly.

> Kubos provides an `example of this application <######>`__, which cleans the telemetry database, checks file system and memory usage, and issues a test query against all known services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some suggested tasks for this application would be:  

- Clean the telemetry database 
- Check file system and memory usage 
- Issue a test query against services
```

> See the :doc:`example application documentation <#####>` to understand more of what it does, and what you might want to do with it or another similar application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> .. TODO: Update with links once the app is merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
